capital = 619
primary_culture = south_german
religion = catholic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 25.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.40
civilized = yes

#GreaterPowers = prestige
prestige = 50

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

ruling_party = AUS_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 25
	conservative = 61
	reactionary = 14
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
military_staff_system = 1
army_command_principle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
clipper_design = 1
naval_design_bureaus = 1
alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
the_command_principle = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
malthusian_thought = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
introspectionism = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
freedom_of_trade = 1
guild_based_production = 1
water_wheel_power = 1
publishing_industry = 1
mechanized_mining = 1
basic_chemistry = 1
practical_steam_engine = 1

#Inventions
precision_work = 1
# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 4
nonstate_consciousness = 2

schools = army_tech_school

oob = "AUS_oob.txt"
1861.1.1 = {
	oob = "/1861/AUS_oob.txt"
	prestige = 110
}
1861.1.1 = {
ruling_party = AUS_conservative_3

plurality = 60

foreign_investment = {
	BAV = 7500
	WUR = 5000
	BAD = 5000
}

# Technologies
	post_napoleonic_thought = 1
	strategic_mobility = 1
	flintlock_rifles = 1
	bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
	military_staff_system = 1
	military_plans = 1
	military_statistics = 1
	army_command_principle = 1
	army_professionalism = 1
	private_banks = 1
	no_standard = 1
	freedom_of_trade = 1
	guild_based_production = 1
	classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
	late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
	malthusian_thought = 1
	enlightenment_thought = 1
	ideological_thought = 1
	state_n_government = 1
	introspectionism = 1
	water_wheel_power = 1
	practical_steam_engine = 1
	publishing_industry = 1
	mechanical_production = 1
	interchangeable_parts = 1
	mechanized_mining = 1
	experimental_railroad = 1
	basic_chemistry = 1
	medicine = 1
	inorganic_chemistry = 1
	post_nelsonian_thought = 1
	clipper_design = 1
	naval_design_bureaus = 1
	alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
	naval_plans = 1
	the_command_principle = 1

#Inventions
	john_ramsay_mcculloch = yes
	nassau_william_sr = yes
	james_mill = yes
	ammunition_production = yes
	small_arms_production = yes
	explosives_production = yes
	artillery_production = yes
	building_station_shipyards = yes
	clinical_thermometers_and_binaural_stethoscopes = yes
	aerial_bacteria_and_antiseptic_principle = yes
	chemotherapy = yes
	combat_medicine = yes
	vaccination = yes
	pressure_chambers_for_thorax_surgery = yes
	mechanical_precision_saw = yes
	pitts_threshing_machine = yes
	mechanized_slaughtering_block = yes
	sharp_n_roberts_power_loom = yes
	jacquard_power_loom = yes
	mechanical_saw = yes
	northrop_power_loom = yes
	hussey_n_mccormicks_reaping_machine = yes
	prophylaxis_against_malaria = yes
	whitney_n_colts_standardized_small_arms = yes
	genetics:_heredity = yes
	jiggs = yes
	machine_tools = yes
	food_packing_system = yes
	precision_work = yes
	night_training = yes
	target_hit_profile_analysis = yes
	integral_distillery_process = yes
	mobilization_time_tables = yes
	signal_detachments = yes
	railroad_transport_groups = yes
	enemy_plotting_cards = yes
	telegraph_coordination = yes
	field_training = yes
	personnel_category_tables = yes
	field_fortifications = yes
	army_academic_training = yes
	army_societal_status = yes
	combat_loss_evaluation_schemata = yes
	empirical_combat_efficiency_matrix = yes
	paternalism = yes
	
	hierarchical_order = yes
	political_religion = yes
	
	
	
	
}
