capital = 834
primary_culture = greek
religion = orthodox
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.22
civilized = yes
prestige = 5

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

ruling_party = GRE_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 35
	conservative = 55
	reactionary = 10
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
army_command_principle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
the_command_principle = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
water_wheel_power = 1
publishing_industry = 1

# Inventions

#Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 2
nonstate_consciousness = 0

oob = "GRE_oob.txt"
1861.1.1 = {
	oob = "/1861/GRE_oob.txt"
	
plurality = 50

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = universal_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = free_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = harassment

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools
	
# Technologies
	post_napoleonic_thought = 1
	flintlock_rifles = 1
	bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
	army_command_principle = 1
	private_banks = 1
	stock_exchange = 1
	business_banks = 1
	no_standard = 1
	freedom_of_trade = 1
	guild_based_production = 1
	organized_factories = 1
	classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
	late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
	idealism = 1
	enlightenment_thought = 1
	ideological_thought = 1
	water_wheel_power = 1
	publishing_industry = 1
	mechanical_production = 1
	interchangeable_parts = 1
	experimental_railroad = 1
	early_railroad = 1
	iron_railroad = 1
	post_nelsonian_thought = 1
	clipper_design = 1
	steamers = 1
	the_command_principle = 1

#Inventions
	hierarchical_order = yes
	traditionalism = yes
	egalitarianism = yes
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	proto_existentialism = yes
	political_religion = yes
	
	hegelian_idealism = yes
	paternalism = yes
	
	northrop_power_loom = yes
	pitts_threshing_machine = yes
	sharp_n_roberts_power_loom = yes
	regulated_buying_and_selling_of_stocks = yes
	neokantian_idealism = yes
	mechanical_precision_saw = yes
	mechanized_slaughtering_block = yes
	multitude_of_financial_instruments = yes
	machine_tools = yes
	hussey_n_mccormicks_reaping_machine = yes
	precision_work = yes
	mechanical_saw = yes
	whitney_n_colts_standardized_small_arms = yes
	work_control_and_hierarchy = yes
	jacquard_power_loom = yes
	jiggs = yes
	building_station_shipyards = yes
	steamer_transports = yes
	food_packing_system = yes
	commerce_raiders = yes
	distribution_channels = yes
	steamer_automatic_construction_plants = yes
	mechanized_fishing_vessels = yes
}
